# Marble High Orbit // 5.27.5018u

The ancient starship **ARIADNE** and the assault carrier **IGUAZU** engage the Union Battlegroup; however the Union Battlegroup recieves sudden reinforcements from a previously-unknown **ALBATROSS** assault wing. With the Albatross ship's assistance, the battle turns in Union's favor, with heavy damage inflicted on the incoming fleet despite deployment of unusual space-warping technology by the **ARIADNE**. 

It is not without cost; the Albatross carrier **IBN EZRA** is effectively annihilated by heavy torpedoes, and the Union carrier **WINDS OF CHANGE** is mission-killed and in need of repairs. The **IGUAZU** is captured by boarding parties, and the **ARIADNE** withdraws from the battlespace with its few remaining escorts. Several Albatross boarding parties already on board go missing, presumed killed or captured, as a result. 

# Bakira Desert // 5.29.5018u 

With the political turmoil in the city of **BASIT** resolved in favor of the pro-Union faction, representatives from the city meet with **MNEMOSYNE COALITION COMMAND** to discuss integration into the larger war effort. 

With the temporary loss of airpower due to the threat of the **ARIADNE**, and the growing threat of new reinforcements from **BASIT**, the Schismists begin a new, massive offensive aimed at routing Union and Coalition forces in the field and clearing the way to take Bakira. The offensive begins with the detonation of a powerful terraforming charge off the southern coast of **BAKIRA**, resulting in a tsunami that compromised the Coalition's defenses and supply lines. 

In addition, Schismist forces have begin deploying more advanced mechanized units, with increasingly sophisticated micro and nanorobotic technology of as-yet unknown origin. Under this assault, Union and Coalition forces fall back along all fronts, save for a few hardened strong points manned by heavy units, such as the underground city of **WARN ALKIV**. 

# FOB Wheeler // 5.30.5018u

Coalition forces rush to dig in to secondary fall back position and re-establish defensive lines. Schismist forces threaten to fully encircle **WARN ALKIV** and force the surrender of the largest pocket of Coalition forces. Plans for a counter-offensive are repurposed; the Coalition, operating mainly through the Union Naval Auxiliary Office, signs mercenaries and any other allies to take part in the newly created **OPERATION FIREBREAK**. 

For this mission, they will be part of a limited counter-offensive, meant to break through the front lines and re-establish a corridor out of the Warn Alkiv. Their first task will be to engage and destroy the front-line units of the **7TH HARTUM CORPS** and evacuate surviving Coalition forces from the areas affected by the tsunami to form a defensive perimeter. 

Once the evacuation corridor is established, Union forward mechanized units will enter Warn Alkiv's tunnel networks as rapidly as possible to relieve front-line units and hold the tunnels until Union and coalition reinforcements arrive and can secure the remainder of the city. 

With the city secure, both mercenary Lancers and combat elements from the DoJ/HR Liberator Team 'Able' will raid and disable the Schismist combat operation center to the northwest to prevent a counterattack during evacuation. 

In addition to the orders given by the Coalition, the **HORIZON COLLECTIVE** has a request, passed on to Torrent: they believe that the new Schismist units are connected to a foe known as **CLARION** they have been engaged with in Basit, and everywhere else on Mnemosyne. **ARJUNA PAN** wants Torrent to use the raid on the command center to uncover who has been supplying the Schismists with advanced technology, and what they plan to do with it. 
