# Western Lacant Archipeligo // 5.25.5018u

Mercenary forces hired by the Mnemosyne Coalition engage smugglers while searching for a cache of supplies and data sought by the Schismist forces. While engaging the smugglers, the mercenaries encounter a mechanized frame believed to belong to **HOUSE ILUTE**, the personal guard of the **ASCHER CLAN**. 

While House Ilute does have a small known group on planet, the frame did not match any of these. Instead, it more closely matched frames encountered by Albatross forces when engaging the **ARIADNE** during the battle of Marble. 

# Northern Lacant Archipeligo // 5.31.5018u

As Schismist forces make their way closer to Bakira, an increasing campaign of piracy and theft of vital components shipped from neutral powers excalates. GMS security forces believe that **GAZSI ASTRAUSKAS**, a notorious offworld criminal, may be involved. 

# Hemera Station // 5.31.5018u

Following the events of **OPERATION FIREBREAK**, members of Team Bolt relocate to Hemera station. There, **WARDEN** meets with **OBI AGNELLI**, a friend and injured Albatross commander looking to recruit for a high risk operation. The Loyal Wing's primary concern is the number of Albatross personnel missing (presumed captured) after the Battle of Marble. 

While on board Hemera station, **CHRYSALIS** attempts to get a lay of the smuggling world, and comes up with additional contacts in the form of known money laundering operations in Lacant. 

# Bakira // 6.02.5018u

GMS Security forces contact members of Team Bolt with additional information on piracy operations around Lacant; while disappointed in the lack of availability to take the operation, they note the criticality of the components and the bounty of Astrauska's head. 

# Lacant // 6.10.5018u

En route to Lacant, Union contractor liason **LIEUTENANT INEZ** reiterates the Union's key goals here: elimination of the smuggling ring and connecting the ring to Schismist influence. Given the political situation, flipping Lacant is unlikely, but a truely neutral Lacant would be almost as valuable as an ally. 

# Lacant // 6.11.5018u

Arriving in Lacant under assumed identities, the members of Team Bolt use Chrysalis's money laundering connection to make contact with a smuggler named **ZOPYROS MORAVEC**, for the purpose of hiring him to get offworld. He offers to do so, conditional on their completion of a raid on a Lacant naval facility.