# Basit - Former Securitat HQ // 5.24.5018u

While Mnemosyne awaits the outcome of the imminent battle in orbit, the **DRAGONS OF THE SPINE** arrange a parole for **DRUID**, one of the Lancers of **HOUSE HASSAT** captured in the previous battle. With some reluctance, the captured pilot agrees to the terms of parole, and her commander, **CYGNUS**, pays the ransom. 

# Basit - Former Securitat HQ // 5.25.5018u

The Lancers watch the battle in space using Basit's space defense array and other sources synthesized by the group's NHPs, watching from an unused conference room. 

The ancient starship **ARIADNE** and the assault carrier **IGUAZU** engage the Union Battlegroup; however the Union Battlegroup recieves sudden reinforcements from a previously-unknown **ALBATROSS** assault wing. With the Albatross ship's assistance, the battle turns in Union's favor, with heavy damage inflicted on the incoming fleet despite deployment of unusual space-warping technology by the **ARIADNE**. 

It is not without cost; the Albatross carrier **IBN EZRA** is effectively annihilated by heavy torpedoes, and the Union carrier **WINDS OF CHANGE** is mission-killed and in need of repairs. The **IGUAZU** is captured by boarding parties, and the **ARIADNE** withdraws from the battlespace with its few remaining escorts. 

# Basit - Mnemosyne-Marble Transfer Orbit // 5.25.5018u

In the wake of the battle, the Lancers launch on board the **FORTUNE FAVORS** to assist in space rescue operations. They discover an Albatross corvette damaged in space, and board and recover the last survivor. Mikula Rais, one of the only remaining crew, is heavily injured but the Lancers manage to stabilize her before transfering her to the hospital aboard the main orbital station. 

# Basit - Hemera Station // 5.26.5018u

Once back on Hemera Station, the Lancers begin plans to assist their pilot with an unresolved favor.

> *Okay, is this thin-yeah? Okay. You're recording? Now?*
> 
> *You're gonna have to give me some slack here, ol' **BLODWEN BUFFONE** hasn't-wait why's my name like-Harp, are you doing that-*
> 
> *Uh, okay, so I might have mentioned I've got some trouble hanging over my head with **NATALINO TIRRELL**. He's a local IPS-N rep, but also in deep with Gayan mafia. I was supposed to deliver some cargo, but you know, got a little side tracked.*
> 
> *Now, the Gayan mafia don't look kindly on failures, but I figure they are, roughly speaking, patriots. There's a war on you know, n' all that. The way I see it, we can probably work something out, where they don't put a bounty on me, and they get something outta it.*
> 
> *...but that'd go a lot better if you were standing in the background, being all intimdating. And, uh, ready to go if they try anything anyway.*
>
> *Got a meeting set at one of the back-station docking bays. I figure if things get hot, we'll need to worry about the interior defense turrets, and any of the longshoreman mech frames. But lets try not to hurt anyone - especially not the IPS-N guys. Bring uh, whatever you have on hand that can knock people about without killing'em, just in case, and whatever you need to operate in an airless docking bay if we have to blow the hatch on the way out.*