# Hemera Station // 5.27.5018u

Following discussions with Arjuna Pan, the **DRAGONS OF THE SPINE** agree to mobilize for the Bakiran front. With the detonation of a undersea seismic explosive south of Trentav and the temporary loss of airpower due to the threat of the **ARIADNE**, the Schismists have begun a massive offensive aimed at routing Union and Coalition forces in the field and clearing the way to take Bakira. 

In addition, publically available sources reveal a new series of Schismist mechs that appear to be similar to the work of **CLARION** forces encounterd in Basit. Despite speculation, publically available sources seem unable to confirm any details. 

# Hemera Station // 5.28.5018u

Sharing details with Horizon for the operation, Coalition command assigns the Lancers to **OPERATION FIREBREAK**. 

For this mission, they will be part of a limited counter-offensive, meant to break through the front lines and re-establish a corridor out of the Warn Alkiv. Their first task will be to engage and destroy the front-line units of the 7th Hartum Corps in open combat along the scrublands. 

Once the evacuation corridor is established, Union forward mechanized units will enter Warn Alkiv's tunnel networks as rapidly as possible to relieve front-line units and hold the tunnels until Union and coalition reinforcements arrive and can secure the remainder of the city. 

With the city secure, the final task will be to raid and disable the Schismist combat operation center to the northwest. Both mercenary Lancers and combat elements from the DoJ/HR Liberator Team 'Able' will be tasked with this operation. This section of the mission comes with an additional objective from Horizon - to secure as much information about **CLARION** operations as possible.